=head1 NAME

Gimp::Tile - The Tile family of functions.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Gimp;		# Gimp::Tile is part of Gimp

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Tiles are the basic building blocks of all Gimp drawable. Each drawable
consists of a grid of tiles, eahc tile having the same size. The size
of a tile is always the same (it's hardcoded in your Gimp program).

The C<gimp_tile_width> and C<gimp_tile_height> functions return the current
width/height of a tile (at the moment, this is 64x64).

How do I get a tile? First, you have to grab a GDrawable structure. You can
get one from any drawable, by calling the C<get> function:

my $gdrawable = $drawable->get;

in a sense, <$gdrawable> contains all tiles. Changes you make to them might
not be reflected in the image until you destroy this variable. (Thats the
reason I used "my" int he above example. Once $gdrawable gets out of scope,
the drawable in the gimp automatically gets updated).

To get access to a tile, you have to call C<get_tile> or C<get_tile2>.
C<get_tile> expects row/column numbers of the tile, while C<get_tile2>
expects pixel coordinates and will return the tile that pixel is in:

my $tile = $gdrawable->get_tile2(75,60,1,0);

The C<data> method returns and sets the raw pixel data.

$packed_data = $tile->data;	# you don't want this, use Gimp::PDL
$tile->data($packed_data);	# and modify the tile

=head1 BUGS

Reference counting should make sure the GDrawable is released only when no
tile/region is around any longer. Should be relatively easy. Also, the
Regions should automatically call update. This bugs section should go into
Gimp(3), instead. Huh, all is wrong somewhow...

=head1 AUTHOR

Marc Lehmann <pcg@goof.com>

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1), Gimp(1), Gimp::PixelRgn(3),

=cut
